TinUpt Apps built the Stylish Text Generator app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by TinUpt at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.


TinUpt Apps Apps does not collect any information from users.

Our apps don't ask for special permissions, so our apps don't have access to your device data. TinUpt Apps Apps don't collect your name, TinUpt Apps Apps don't collect your e-mail, TinUpt Apps Apps don't collect any other personal data. TinUpt Apps Apps does not have data servers.

The Save/Load/Archive sections save texts only on your device. If you delete the app, the content saved in these sections will be lost. The data in these sections is not uploaded to the internet.

All data collected by Google Mobile Ads SDK is encrypted in transit using the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol.
You can review the Google Mobile Ads SDK privacy policy by going to google.com/policies/privacy/partners


Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. 
In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.

Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. 
Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. 
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.



Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2024-22-04

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at tinuuptl576@gmail.com.